Use gRPC query `ConnectionParams` instead of `/genesis` to verify `max_block_time` (#4144)
informalsystems/hermes: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/ibc-relayer/4143-use-connection-params-in-validate-params.md

> - Use the gRPC query `ConnectionParams` to retrieve `maxExpectedTimePerBlock`
>   and verify the configured `max_block_time` instead of using the `/genesis`
>   endpoint. ([\#4143](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/issues/4143))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `ibc.core.connection.v1.ConnectionParams` gRPC query to retrieve  `maxExpectedTimePerBlock` 
  and check it against the configured `max_block_time` instead of using the `/genesis`
  endpoint. ([\#4143](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/issues/4143))
```
